[13.0][MIG] sale_order_lot_selection (#1115)
OCA/sale-workflow: sale_order_lot_selection/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module allows you to select a lot number on sale order line. This selected lot number will be deliver to Customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module allows you to select a lot number on sale order line.
This selected lot number will be the one delivered to the Customer.
```
